Add person processing default info to iOS and Android docs (#9387)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/libraries/ios/index.mdx

We strongly recommend reading our docs on [alias](/docs/data/identify#alias-assigning-multiple-distinct-ids-to-the-same-user) to best understand how to correctly use this method.

## Person Profiles ("anonymous" vs "identified" persons)

> The default behavior for this SDK is to use the `identified_only` mode of person processing, but this can be changed in the config. The options are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default behavior for this SDK is to use the `.identifiedOnly` mode of person processing, but this can be changed in the config. The options are:
```
